gh-89885: Add example for spam.Bar (#91523)
python/cpython: Doc/reference/import.rst

    spam/
        __init__.py
        foo.py

> and ``spam/__init__.py`` has the following lines in it::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and ``spam/__init__.py`` has the following line in it::
```
Only one line now

    from .foo import Foo

> then executing the following puts a name binding to ``foo`` and ``Foo`` in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then executing the following puts name bindings for ``foo`` and ``Foo`` in the
```
It's two bindings, and "name bindings to" sounds weird to me

``spam`` module::

    >>> import spam
    >>> spam.foo
    <module 'spam.foo' from '/tmp/imports/spam/foo.py'>
    >>> spam.Foo
    <class 'spam.foo.Foo'>

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Too many blank lines
